New resources for Log analytics datasources (#8589)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/log_analytics_datasource_linux_performance_collection.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Log Analytics"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_log_analytics_datasource_linux_performance_collection"
description: |-
  Manages a Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource.
---

# azurerm_log_analytics_datasource_linux_performance_collection

Manages a Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_log_analytics_workspace" "example" {
  name                = "example-law"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  sku                 = "PerGB2018"
}

resource "azurerm_log_analytics_datasource_linux_performance_collection" "example" {
  name                = "example-lad-wpc"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  workspace_name      = azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.example.name

>   state               = "Enabled"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enabled             = true
```

}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource should exist. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource to be created.

* `workspace_name` - (Required) The name of the Log Analytics Workspace where the Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource should exist. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Linux Performance Collection DataSource to be created.

> * `state` - (Required) Specifies the start/stop state for collection of performance data from connected linux computers. Possible values include `Enabled` and `Disabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enabled` - (Required) Specifies the start/stop state for collection of performance data from connected linux computers. Possible values include `true` and `false`.
```
